hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a psychological slasher film: "House of Wax"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the flashback of the year 1974, a woman was boiling a pot of unknown liquid
while her son was having his delicious breakfast
and her husband was pulling another son into a room
that child seemed very disobedient and kept crying
the parents tied the child to a chair, but the child still bawled
so the mother slapped him on the face
in the present day
while Carly and her close friend Blonde are happily talking about their future
Carly's boyfriend Wade comes and sits beside her
so Blonde says goodbye and leaves for her boyfriend Hormone Long
then Carly's elder brother Half Bald and his gayfriend Red Cap come and join them
Wade and Half Bald seem not get along well with each other
and it upsets Carly for one is her brother, and the other is her boyfriend
later, these six young guys drive to another city to watch a football game
when the night falls, they decide to stop and find some place to camp
before continuing their journey the next morning
at the campsite, Half Bald and Wade quarrel again
Carly asks her brother to be nicer to her boyfriend
which makes Half Bald very unhappy about his sister
while the six friends are having fun, a truck comes toward them with the high beams on
the strong beams hurt Half Bald's eyes
he gets angry and throws a stone toward the light, breaking it
then the truck turns around and goes away
feeling tired, the young guys crawl into their camps to sleep
when they wake up the next morning
Wade finds his car has a flat tire
and the girls smell something stink in the air
they try to find where the stink comes from
the girls walk deep into the grove
there they find a pit filled with corpses, it is where the stink smell comes from
Carly falls into the terrifying pit by accident
but the bad luck never comes alone
suddenly a car comes near, the driver is a creepy man wearing a green hat
the friends decide that Wade and Carly go to the nearby town to buy auto parts
and others set out again to the football game
on hearing their discussion, the green-hatted guy cuts in
offering a ride for the young couple
so Wade and Carly merrily get into his car
but the green-hatted guy behaves rather weird on the way
he can not move his eyes and hormones away from Carly
later he takes out a huge machete and plays with it
which nearly scares the shit and hormones out of the young lovers
finally they arrive at the town, but the small town seems haunted
for they see nobody in the streets
the young lovers wander about
and find out that all the people are attending a funeral in the church
the fat-greasy guy, manager of the gas station
comes out and consoles the worried lovers
saying he will ride them to the gas station as soon as the funeral is over
so the young lovers take their time
and curiously walk around in the town named Ambrose
they come to the House of Wax
when inside they discover everything is made of wax
and the wax figures are stunningly realistic
while they are looking around
Carly sees from the mirror a disfigured man passing by
frightened, she takes her boyfriend's hand, and they quickly run away
Greasy rides the couple to his home right after the funeral
Carly waits in the car and Wade follows Greasy into his house for automobile parts
while he gazes here and there with curiosity
Greasy hamstrings him from the back
the disfigured man reappears and stuns Wade before taking him away
while waiting, Carly sees the truck whose light was hit broken by Half Bald
it parks right in front of Greasy's house
she then is aware of great danger, so she sounds the horn to warn Wade
and calls Hormone Long for help
but Hormone Long does not answer the phone
for he is busy with the horny hormone game right at that time
when Greasy comes out of the house
Carly exposes that he is the truck driver
Greasy then shows his greasy colors, but Carly is swift enough to pick up the key
she starts the engine and drives away
while Wade has no such good luck
he is wax coated by the disfigured man
which well explains why all the wax figures in the wax house are stunningly realistic
Carly runs to the church for help, but is astonished to find out that
people sitting in the church are not real humans but all all wax-coated corpses
she realizes suddenly that all the people in the small town
were murdered and made into waxed figures
when Greasy approaches near, Carly is seized with panic
he takes her soon and drags her down to the basement
ties her to the chair and seals her mouth with glue
Red Cap and Half Bald come to the town to look for Carly and Wade
they search around in vain, but Carly sees them
she stretches out her fingers from the louver of the basement
trying to cause their attention
but right then, Greasy cuts her fingers off with scissors
as Red Cap and Half Bald walk away to look for Carly elsewhere
they become Greasy's next targets
enduring excruciating pain, Carly removes the glue off her mouth
and cries for help with all her strength
Half Bald hears the sound, and realizes that his sister is nearby
he punches Greasy to the ground
following Carly's cry, he rescues her out of the basement
Red Cap finds Wade who has been wax-coated
however, the wax is not dry yet and Wade is still alive
Red Cap digs the wax off Wade's face with her bare hands
Wade is not able to open his mouth and speak
his wide open eyes just tell the great pain he suffers
the disfigured man shows up out of nowhere
and cuts off the head of Mr. Red Cap with scissors
making him Mr. Red Head immediately
back to the camp, unexpectedly
Blonde and Hormone Long enjoy the longest hormone game the first time of their whole life
knowing nothing about the bloody scenes happening to their friends
later Hormone Long switches his phone on, and calls back to the unanswered call from Carly
but it is too late, the disfigured man approaches him from the back
and kills him with a cut in the throat
making Mr. Long appear the shortest in the show among the six friends
despite his being longest in the hormone game
Blonde flees without putting her dress on
but the disfigured man catches up, and killed her with a stick hitting on the head
then, the disfigured man pulls the bodies of this couple into his car
and drives to Greasy's home
Carly and Half Bald also head toward Greasy's
hoping to find a telephone to call the police
Half Bald carries with him a crossbow for defense
Greasy discovers them and fires with the shotgun
Half Bald shoots two arrows at him, causing him to fall to the ground
believing that he is dead, the brother and sister take his gun and enter the house
and find the bodies of their friends
Carly finds a pile of old newspapers on the table
on one page, Carly reads a piece of news
it was about the twin babies, born conjoined
their father was a doctor and he himself separated the twins
who are exactly Greasy and the disfigured man
elder disfigured man teaches younger Greasy how to make wax figures using living humans
while she is reading the news
Greasy returns home with arrows in his body, and the disfigured man also comes back
the brutal twin brothers discuss how to kill them
so Carly and Half Bald have to part from each other
and plan to meet later down at the basement
Half Bald gropes in the dark trying to switch on the basement light
however, he slips his finger and turns on all the lights
Half Bald finds Red Cap who has been made into a wax figure
and tries to rescue him
when the disfigured man rushes in
Half Bald pours out the flaming wax and sets the basement on fire
Carly and Half Bald then run away
Greasy stops their way, he cuts Half Bald's thigh with a machete
but unfortunately misses his balls
Half Bald falls to the ground because of that
flames quickly spread when they fight, and the whole house is on fire
in the chaos, Carly clubs Greasy to death on the head with a baseball bat
the disfigured man comes and finds his twin brother dead
he holds him and wails, vowing for revenge
Carly runs upstairs, trying to close herself inside the bedroom
but she forgets that the house is made of wax
when the disfigured man breaks the wall and comes in
Half Bald collects himself up and rushes into the bedroom to protect his sister
the sister and brother fight shoulder by shoulder
and they kill the disfigured monster in a joint effort
now the House of Wax is melting and about to collapse
the two dig a hole in the wall, and escape successfully
soon after they run away, the House of Wax is burned down
the next morning come the police
and Carly and Half Bald think the nightmare is over
a policeman however, tells them that the parents in Ambrose Town had one more son
and their third son is the green-hatted guy who rode them to the town previously
frightened, Carly and Half Bald get on the police car
and escape the god-damned place as soon as possible
while on seeing them leave in the far distance
the green-hatted guy wears a strange smile
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye